it's a beautiful day outside.
birds are singing, flowers are blooming...
on days like these, kids like you...
Should be burning in hell.splitwhat? you think i'm just gonna stand there and take it?splitour reports showed a massive anomaly in the timespace continuum.
timelines jumping left and right, stopping and starting...splituntil suddenly, everything ends.splitheh heh heh...
that's your fault, isn't it?splityou can't understand how this feels.splitknowing that one day, without any warning...
it's all going to be reset.splitLook. i gave up trying to go back a long time ago.splitAnd getting to the surface doesn't really appeal anymore, either.splitcause even if we do...
we'll just end up right back here, without any memory of it, right?splitto be blunt...
it makes it kind of hard to give it my all.split... or is that just a poor excuse for being lazy...?
hell if i know.splitall i know is... seeing what comes next...
i can't afford not to care anymore.splitugh... that being said...
you, uh, really like swinging that thing around, huh?
...
listen.
i know you didn't answer me before, but...
somewhere in there. i can feel it.
there's a glimmer of a good person inside of you.
the memory of someone who once wanted to do the right thing.
someone who, in another time, might have even been...
a friend?
c'mon, buddy.
do you remember me?
please, if you're listening...
let's forget all this, ok?
just lay down your weapon, and...
well, my job will be a lot easier.splitwelp, it was worth a shot.
guess you like doing things the hard way, huh?splitsounds strange, but before all this i was secretly hoping we could be friends.
i always thought the anomaly was doing this cause they were unhappy.
and when they got what they wanted, they would stop all this.splitand maybe all they needed was... i dunno.
some good food, some bad laughs, some nice friends.splitbut that's ridiculous, right?
yeah, you're the type of person who won't EVER be happy.splityou'll keep consuming timelines over and over, until...
well.
hey.
take it from me, kid.
someday...
you gotta learn when to QUIT.splitand that day's TODAY.splitcause... y'see..
all this fighting is really tiring me out.splitand if you keep pushing me...
then i'll be forced to use my special attack.splityeah, my special attack. sound familiar?
well, get ready. cause after the next move, i'm going to use it.
so, if you don't wanna see it, now would be a good time to die.splitwell, here goes nothing...
are you ready?
survive THIS, and i'll show you my special attack!
